{"transcript": "today i'm going to talk to you about how to use the control on your standalone chest freezer the mid setting should be correct for normal usage if you need to adjust the temperature wait at least 24 hours between adjustments and then recheck the temperature to make the freezer colder adjust the control to the next higher setting to make the freezer less cold you back it down allow the freezer to cool six to eight hours before filling with food let the freezer cool overnight before loading large amounts of unfrozen food never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space", "response": "To properly use the control on your standalone chest freezer, follow these steps:\n\n1. Start with the mid setting: The mid setting is usually suitable for normal usage. It provides a balanced temperature for storing your frozen items.\n\n2. Adjusting the temperature: If you find that you need to adjust the temperature, wait at least 24 hours between adjustments. This time allows the freezer to stabilize at the new temperature. \n\n3. Making the freezer colder: To make the freezer colder, adjust the control to the next higher setting. This increases the cooling power and lowers the temperature inside the freezer.\n\n4. Making the freezer less cold: If you want to make the freezer less cold, back down the control to a lower setting. This reduces the cooling power and raises the temperature inside the freezer.\n\n5. Allowing the freezer to cool: Whenever you make adjustments to the temperature control, it's important to allow the freezer to cool for six to eight hours before filling it with food. This ensures that the new temperature is properly reached and maintained.\n\n6. Loading large amounts of unfrozen food: If you plan to load a large amount of unfrozen food into the freezer, it's recommended to let the freezer cool overnight before doing so. This allows the freezer to reach its optimal temperature and prevents any potential temperature fluctuations.\n\n7. Consider the freezer space: It's important to not overload the freezer with too much unfrozen food. As a general guideline, never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space. This helps maintain proper airflow and ensures efficient freezing.\n\nBy following these steps, you can effectively use the control on your standalone chest freezer and maintain the ideal temperature for storing your frozen items.", "og_query": "Freezer"}