{"transcript": "today i'm going to talk to you about how to use the control on your standalone chest freezer the mid setting should be correct for normal usage if you need to adjust the temperature wait at least 24 hours between adjustments and then recheck the temperature to make the freezer colder adjust the control to the next higher setting to make the freezer less cold you back it down allow the freezer to cool six to eight hours before filling with food let the freezer cool overnight before loading large amounts of unfrozen food never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space", "response": "To properly use the control on your standalone chest freezer, follow these clear steps:\n\n1. Start with the mid setting: The mid setting is generally correct for normal usage of the freezer.\n\n2. Adjusting the temperature: If you need to adjust the temperature, wait at least 24 hours between adjustments. This allows the freezer to stabilize at the new temperature. \n\n3. Making the freezer colder: To make the freezer colder, adjust the control to the next higher setting. This will increase the cooling power of the freezer.\n\n4. Making the freezer less cold: If you want to make the freezer less cold, you can back down the control to a lower setting. This will reduce the cooling power of the freezer.\n\n5. Allowing the freezer to cool: Whenever you make adjustments to the temperature control, it's important to allow the freezer to cool for six to eight hours before filling it with food. This ensures that the temperature stabilizes and reaches the desired level.\n\n6. Cooling overnight: If you plan to load large amounts of unfrozen food into the freezer, it's recommended to let the freezer cool overnight. This allows the temperature to fully stabilize and ensures optimal freezing conditions for the food.\n\n7. Limiting unfrozen food: Never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space. This helps maintain the freezer's efficiency and ensures proper freezing of the food.\n\nBy following these steps, you can effectively use the control on your standalone chest freezer and ensure that your food stays properly frozen.", "og_query": "Freezer"}