{"transcript": "foreign [Music] So today we're going to be looking at GE dryers that are 2019 or newer and the issue is the dryer won't run or start but it does have power so the first thing you're going to want to do is make sure that the outlet in the back the plug is securely in the outlet so just check that make sure it's in there next you're going to power on the dryer now the first thing you'll notice when you power on the dryer if this happens to you you'll see a zero one or two you won't see the 90 that I'm pointing at and this is because if the power goes out or for some reason the dryer doesn't have power for long periods of time it needs a personality reset and for electric dryers one is what you would use and two is what you would use for gas dryers so basically you're going to hit the play button until you get to the selection that you need in my case one for electric is what I would select and it's a little weird how you have to do it so you push the button to get to the one and then you have to press in to basically make that selection you know that the selection is made when the one disappears from the display once that's done you're going to power the unit off and then you're going to power it back on you should see the display light up and that's how you know you fixed it [Music]", "response": "I'm sorry to hear that your dryer is broken. Based on the information provided in the video transcript, here are some clear steps you can follow to troubleshoot and potentially fix the issue:\n\n1. Check the outlet: Ensure that the plug of your dryer is securely inserted into the outlet at the back. Make sure it is properly connected.\n\n2. Power on the dryer: Turn on the dryer and observe the display. If you see a zero, one, or two instead of the expected display (e.g., 90), it indicates that the dryer needs a personality reset.\n\n3. Perform a personality reset: For electric dryers, press the play button repeatedly until you reach the desired selection (in this case, one). Then, press the button to make the selection. Once the selection is made, the number should disappear from the display.\n\n4. Power off and on: After completing the personality reset, power off the dryer and then turn it back on. The display should light up, indicating that the issue has been resolved.\n\nBy following these steps, you should be able to fix the problem with your dryer. However, if the issue persists, it may be necessary to consult a professional technician or contact the manufacturer for further assistance.", "og_query": "My Dryer is broken"}