{"transcript": "today i'm going to talk to you about how to use the control on your standalone chest freezer the mid setting should be correct for normal usage if you need to adjust the temperature wait at least 24 hours between adjustments and then recheck the temperature to make the freezer colder adjust the control to the next higher setting to make the freezer less cold you back it down allow the freezer to cool six to eight hours before filling with food let the freezer cool overnight before loading large amounts of unfrozen food never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space", "response": "To properly use the control on your standalone chest freezer, follow these steps:\n\n1. The mid setting is typically correct for normal usage. However, if you need to adjust the temperature, wait at least 24 hours between adjustments to allow the freezer to stabilize.\n\n2. To make the freezer colder, adjust the control to the next higher setting. Remember to wait another 24 hours before rechecking the temperature to ensure the desired level of coldness is achieved.\n\n3. If you want to make the freezer less cold, back down the control to a lower setting. Again, wait for 24 hours before rechecking the temperature.\n\n4. Before filling the freezer with food, allow it to cool for six to eight hours. This ensures that the freezer reaches the desired temperature and can properly preserve the food.\n\n5. If you have a large amount of unfrozen food to load into the freezer, it is advisable to let the freezer cool overnight. This ensures that the freezer can handle the sudden increase in temperature without compromising the quality of the existing frozen items.\n\n6. Lastly, it is important to never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space. Overloading the freezer can hinder proper airflow and affect its cooling efficiency.\n\nBy following these clear steps, you can effectively use the control on your standalone chest freezer and ensure optimal freezing and preservation of your food items.", "og_query": "Freezer"}