{"transcript": "today i'm going to talk to you about how to use the control on your standalone chest freezer the mid setting should be correct for normal usage if you need to adjust the temperature wait at least 24 hours between adjustments and then recheck the temperature to make the freezer colder adjust the control to the next higher setting to make the freezer less cold you back it down allow the freezer to cool six to eight hours before filling with food let the freezer cool overnight before loading large amounts of unfrozen food never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space", "response": "To use the control on your standalone chest freezer, follow these steps:\n\n1. Start with the mid setting: The mid setting on the control should be suitable for normal usage.\n\n2. Adjusting the temperature: If you need to change the temperature, wait at least 24 hours between adjustments. This allows the freezer to stabilize at the new temperature. \n\n3. Making the freezer colder: To make the freezer colder, adjust the control to the next higher setting. This will increase the cooling power of the freezer.\n\n4. Making the freezer less cold: If you want to make the freezer less cold, back down the control to a lower setting. This will reduce the cooling power.\n\n5. Allowing the freezer to cool: Before filling the freezer with food, allow it to cool for six to eight hours. This ensures that the freezer reaches the desired temperature and can properly preserve the food.\n\n6. Cooling overnight for large amounts of unfrozen food: If you plan to load large amounts of unfrozen food, it is recommended to let the freezer cool overnight. This extended cooling period ensures that the freezer can handle the added load and maintain the desired temperature.\n\n7. Limiting unfrozen food: Never add more than two to three pounds of unfrozen food per cubic foot of freezer space. This helps maintain proper airflow and ensures efficient freezing of the food.\n\nBy following these steps, you can effectively use the control on your standalone chest freezer and maintain the desired temperature for optimal food preservation.", "og_query": "Freezer"}