{"transcript": "for refrigerators with no cooling first check the temperature status of the fridge and freezer when a display is blank press any command to wake up the display if zero ff appears the unit is in demo mode with no cooling deactivate the demo mode by pressing energy saver and freezer in this model sample hold until the display changes newer late models require three fingers top two left and top one right simultaneously now check the target and actual temperatures press freezer command and note the freezer target temperature is set at zero degrees in this sample and fridge actual temperature is currently 57 degrees fahrenheit now tap the fridge command note that the fridge target temperature is set at 37 degrees fahrenheit and freezer actual temperature is currently 66 degrees place the fridge in diagnostic mode by pressing energy saver and lighting for approximately eight seconds hold the two commands until the screen changes and tone is heard note that no errors are present as displayed by a blank screen and then returns to normal display after 60 seconds now repeat as if entering diagnostic mode but this time after 6 seconds the display blinks and immediately press the fridge command to enter load mode in this model sample the flashing segments now appearing represent the current condition of certain loads as activated or energized it needs to be operating at this time in this example the top segment of the freezer temperature digit is blinking indicating the compressor should be operating this mode will only last for 30 seconds so take a short video with your phone to record lit blinking segments and verify exact condition of the components in the service manual chart now open the fridge door and measure the internal temperature using an infrared thermometer while aiming it at the back wall 67.6 degrees fahrenheit in this case open the freezer door and measure its internal temperature 65.6 degrees fahrenheit in this example after actual temperatures are measured at the first door opening visually inspect the gaskets look for signs of moisture or frost now check the ac in supply voltage at the inverter pcb cn 101 102 pin 1 and pin 7. this should measure approximately 120 volts ac also check for correct polarity and ground using the green wire at the cabinet ground as reference for proper operation and safety now check the freezer defrost sensor circuit voltage to indicate how cold the evaporator is operating use the diagram or service manual for your model to determine where to test on this model measure the freezer defrost sensor voltage at cn30 pin 4 blue positive and 7 gray ground a voltage of 2.493 corresponds to 44 degrees fahrenheit use the chart in the service manual to verify voltage and corresponding temperature 3.766 volts corresponds to -2 degrees fahrenheit 2.749 volts corresponds to 35 degrees fahrenheit and 2.493 volts corresponds to 44 degrees fahrenheit 44 degrees is much too warm this indicates a problem with the cooling components if the unit has an r defrost sensor like this dual evaporator model perform the same steps measure the r defrost sensor voltage in the same manner to see if there is any cooling on the fridge evaporator now physically check the compressor is running or warm also check the dryer a warm condenser or dryer indicates a refrigerant is flowing you can also use a clamp on ammeter on the inverter ac line cn 101 102 pin 1 blue wire to verify how hard the compressor is working this example current reading is 2.87 amps a reading below 1.5 amps is too low now measure the current on the red wire at filter area of power connector using a clamp meter if this current measures more than one half amp higher than the compressor current then other unnecessary loads may be on such as a defrost heater the fresh food evaporator on this model is the first to receive refrigerant remove the ff evaporator cover and visually inspect for frost forming on the tubing and fins you can use a flashlight to assist is the compressor running at full capacity place the unit in force mode by pressing left energy saver and lower right fridge until the screen goes blank in this example always the same position on other models then press any button ff will appear and forces the compressor to maximum rpm now measure on inverter cn-103 between pin 5 gray ground and pin 6 purple signal in for approximately 2.5 volts dc from the main pcb this voltage will be present when the fridge calls for compressor operation if the compressor is running near maximum signal but current is below normal with little to no frost pattern the sealed system is indicated as the problem check for leak restriction or inefficient compressor you", "response": "To fix your freezer, follow these steps:\n\n1. Check the temperature status: If the display is blank, press any command to wake it up. If \"zero ff\" appears, the unit is in demo mode with no cooling. Deactivate demo mode by pressing \"Energy Saver\" and \"Freezer\" simultaneously. Hold them until the display changes. For newer models, press the top two left fingers and the top one right finger simultaneously.\n\n2. Check target and actual temperatures: Press the \"Freezer\" command and note the target temperature (should be set at zero degrees) and the actual temperature. Then, tap the \"Fridge\" command and note the target temperature (should be set at 37 degrees) and the actual temperature.\n\n3. Place the fridge in diagnostic mode: Press \"Energy Saver\" and \"Lighting\" for approximately eight seconds. Hold the two commands until the screen changes and a tone is heard. Note if any errors are present (displayed as a blank screen) and if the display returns to normal after 60 seconds.\n\n4. Enter load mode: Repeat the process of entering diagnostic mode, but this time, after 6 seconds, the display will blink. Immediately press the \"Fridge\" command to enter load mode. The flashing segments represent the current condition of certain loads. Take a short video to record the lit blinking segments and verify the condition of the components using the service manual chart.\n\n5. Measure internal temperatures: Open the fridge door and measure the internal temperature using an infrared thermometer aimed at the back wall. Do the same for the freezer. Note the temperatures.\n\n6. Check AC supply voltage: Measure the AC in supply voltage at the inverter PCB CN 101 and CN 102 (pin 1 and pin 7). It should measure approximately 120 volts AC. Also, check for correct polarity and ground using the green wire at the cabinet ground as a reference.\n\n7. Check freezer defrost sensor circuit voltage:", "og_query": "I need to fix my freezer"}